in a place where tomorrow's leaders are
groomed mr. McNamara learn to row the
local sewers I imagine Tony you want us
there I really championship three years
and alone that's all I know in an
organization are you ready to be reborn
which success is assured our membership
has its pleasures its hardships and
sometimes it's pain we live by the rules
we dive out of it gentlemen welcome
Luke McNamara is about to get it
opportunity only dreamed of pleasure to
meet you what do you think all this to
be honest it's all a little bit
overwhelming but if a secret society can
give you everything you desire this is
your pre acceptance to the law school of
your choice that's gotta be a mistake
you are Scott imagine what they can take
away live by the rules we die by the
rules I want to know the truth about
what happened that night the
surveillance cameras so there's got to
be taped
get any closer on this closer I know
what you did it's time we removed mr.
McNamara is no longer loyal you're gonna
dig your own grave only an elite few
ever get in to have evidence they brace
for tape who stole you draw everything
no one has ever gotten out there dad
secret new leaf
it can't be good
would you like your life back